README (#6)
webex/sdk-component-adapter: README.md

<h1 align='center' style='border-bottom: none;'>Webex SDK Component Adapter</h1>

> <h3 align='center'>Webex adapter to share SDK data with the components</h3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<h3 align='center'>Webex adapter to share SDK data with <a href="..link to components" >Webex components</a></h3>
```

<p align='center'>
<a href='https://circleci.com/gh/webex/sdk-component-adapter'>
    <img alt='CircleCI' src='https://circleci.com/gh/webex/sdk-component-adapter.svg?style=shield'>
  </a>
  <a href='https://www.npmjs.com/package/@webex/sdk-component-adapter'>
    <img alt='npm latest version' src='https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@webex/sdk-component-adapter?label=npm%40latest'>
  </a>
  <a href='#badge'>
    <img alt='semantic-release' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg'>
  </a>
  <a href='https://github.com/webex/sdk-component-adapter/blob/master/LICENSE'>
    <img src='https://img.shields.io/npm/l/webex.svg' alt='license'>
  </a>
</p>

> **Webex SDK Adapter** TBD.

Reviewer: What is the TBD?

Author: I added some info.

## Table of Contents

- [Install](#install)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Support](#support)
- [Team](#team)

## Install

```bash
npm install --save @webex/components @webex/sdk-component-adapter
```

> ## Usage

Reviewer: I don't think you should include the `Styles` and `Adapters` sections here. Instead, you should link out the the Webex Components README usage section.
This usage section should only explain how to replace the JSON adapter, or any adapter with the SDK adapter.
